Systems Engineer Pennsylvania State University Wage staff employee performing the duties and responsibilities of a systems engineer  Complete the load-in, build, and load-out of touring events in the university's venues as a team member  Provide technical stage services including: follow spot operation, light board operation, sound board operation, and stage management  Provide system maintenance and deployment in the university's venues  Perform work for touring events from start to completion in a single day, including greater than 16- hour workdays
Systems Engineer Avail Technologies Inc Currently working as the Lead Systems Engineer on multiple projects where duties include: Managing systems integration and test engineers  Creating system architecture designs and presenting designs both internally and externally during various project review stages  Writing test procedures to ensure that all project requirements are successfully tested and met Leading testing stages and interfacing with project consultants, while collaborating with customers regularly on both a technical and non-technical level Supporting customers during system adoption Providing leadership on internal development projects Mentoring junior staff Systems Integration and Test Engineer Gained experience as an intern by completing several assignments:  Completed technician’s work at a customer’s base of operations in Florida  Constructed a testing station for testing of proprietary devices and completed circuit level testing of proprietary devices  Designed and constructed a component
Systems Engineer General Dynamics Systems Engineer Physical Security: Integration & Test Validate existing systems, including reviewing and modifying active designs. Design and configure software packages, with written configuration and installation documentation for filed engineers. Digital Engineering Test Station (ETS) configuration manager used in house to provide detailed system information on electronic test station in  an easily updatable format. Create batch files for software and OS installation automation to be implemented at supported facilities. Littoral Combat Ship (LCS) Designed test methods for verification of system critical hardware and software upgrades, including writing field documentation and field change orders (FCO). Family Tree Designed a traceability system accounting for all parts and spares for supported facilities, including a running tab of inventory and locations of inventory.
Systems Engineer Cerner Corporation Responsibilities Currently I am re-tooling myself to a Real-Time Big Data environment built on Hadoop clusters. I am to provide production management, predictive modeling solutions, quality analytics; along with system development and research, and system maintenance. Using all the real-time data from our many hospitals around the world I am to discern trends, anomalies, and emergencies, to alert the hospitals of medical needs of patients or trends that could lead to future medical emergencies.
Systems Engineer Responsibilities: Installing and Configuring Windows Installing Monthly Security patches. Installing and configuration of MOSS Installation of SQL Server on Windows Server Clustered environment. Setting up and Monitored transactional replication, Database mirroring on Production, QA and Dev servers. Creating Sites and Sub-Sites to facilitate the end users from other departments Creating SharePoint groups and assigning different Sites. Performed backup using backup compression and Data compression in SQL Server 2008 on clustered environment and SQL Server 2005 security Audit. Monitoring WINS and DNS servers. Configuring SQL server 2008. Mentoring and setting up High availability environments like active-active and active-passive clustering, Database Mirroring, Replication (Snapshot, merge, transactional), Log shipping, setting up servers from scratch on clustered environment and load balancing. Configured data partitioning/table partitioning on huge tables containing millions of rows for
Systems Engineer Booz Allen Hamilton Maintain, and provide support to project application software Upgrade, enhance, maintain application and database servers Develop methods to enhance the functionality of servers Work closely with developers to support current project Designed server architecture for migration to a new hosting site Closely monitor the daily functionality of the project website, and provide effective support Agile development Co-ordinate, and take charge of migration from IBM Websphere to Redhat JBoss Maintain an informative, and effective communication with government client provide system/application design, and functionality demonstration Experience with DoD, and DISA procedures, and requirements
Systems Engineer ATTAIN, LLC Improve the overall system efficiency by developing IT operating protocols. Author service level agreements between system users and IT staff members to outline expectations for discrepancies based on security levels. Compose system and application troubleshooting guides and content for a self-help site on the company's intranet specific to Microsoft Office365, SharePoint, and OneDrive for business products. Administer Microsoft Office365 environment utilizing the web console for 400+ users. Maintain cloud backup system using Microsoft OneDrive and Backblaze to ensure disaster recovery plan was maintained. Setup and configuration of Win 7, 8.1 and 10 desktop/laptop PCs using Windows Deployment Services image management system. Key Accomplishments Engineered and installed augmentations to the existing IT infrastructure to further support contracts in relation with federal government, healthcare, and higher education initiatives. Fueled quality improvement by augmenting the system 
Systems Engineer Eze Castle Integration Inc Implement and maintain all aspects of technology for financial institutions in the Dallas area including secondary offices in Houston.  Responsible for break/fix tickets assigned by resource team. Issues ranged from basic desktop troubleshooting to more advance server and network issues.  Used as an escalation resource for the help desk to provide additional remote assistance and on-site support, if necessary.  Communicate directly with clients to address problems and present solutions to system issues. Provide remote support to other regions in the country including cloud clients.  Lead projects for new client acquisitions and relocations consisting of new server builds, networking equipment, refreshing PCs, new domain creation and/or migration, and email migration. This may include migrating client data and applications to the cloud.  Coordinate with clients to perform remote/on-site infrastructure maintenance by applying software patches and firmware updates to 
Systems Engineer II Honeywell Prepared software for certification in the Dassault EPIC Automatic Flight Control Systems Administered vital system tests using both manual and automatic scripts Systems Engineer I Enhanced flight control modules in collaboration with Boeing for the Dreamliner Revamped and oversaw the Excel-based compilation database for all software requirements, including tracing and integrating Verification Matrix change requests
Systems Engineer Soundshore Technology Group Providing 2nd and 3rd level IT support, onsite and remotely to financial companies, hedge funds, and law firms in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Dallas, New York and Greenwich areas. Managing the IT infrastructure within the organization, physical network (WAN/LAN, servers, terminals), workstations and laptops. Install, configure, troubleshoot, manage, test and maintain operating systems, server application software and system management tools on the infrastructure and users’ servers and computers. Identifies, diagnoses and resolves technical problems related to network failure/integrity and usage of PC hardware and software. Proactively ensure the highest levels of systems security, backup, and redundancy strategies. Providing support for the following environments: Windows Server 2003, 2008R2, 2012, 2016. Hyper-V servers, Exchange Server 2003, 2010, 2013 and 2016, Active Directory. Office 365, MS Office 2003, 2007, 2010, 2014 and 2016. Mac / Windows XP, 7, 8 and 
Mechanical Engineer Responsibilities Work directly with customer to establish Preliminary Design concept Create detail and Assembly design of support structure for Composite Ovens Engineering that consists of layouts, structural design, tooling design, equipment/automation cell layout and plant support equipment design utilizing multiple 3D CAD systems Build and Design various 3D tooling dies in SolidWorks (progressive, transfer, forming, etc.) Design various 3D tooling fixtures (welding, grinding, drilling, inspection and stamping)  Design sheet metal parts in SolidWorks Use Draft Sight and SolidWorks to make 2D drawings for production  Order materials and keep track of all bill of material information using Excel and Word Inspect parts using CMM, calipers, micrometers, radius gauges, comparator Reverse engineer parts to make 3D solids and 2D prints Proficient with large assemblies in SolidWorks 
Mechanical Reliability Engineer Nylon Production Lead reliability maintenance engineer, for the Nylon, Packaging Nylon Utilities Level I Vibration Technician, working extensively with onsite vibration analysis to both troubleshoot bad actors and establish new vibration monitoring protocols. Working with John Crane mechanical seal engineer to develop more reliable and robust seal designs for use in the demanding environment of nylon salt production Developing tracking systems for both pelletizing and inline compounding rebuilds and erosion tracking. 18 high speed pelletizing cutters (Automatik & Conair) Overseeing the repair and tracking of larger Therminol heated rotating dryers Design and installed a large top entry gas mixer seal system. Implemented a condition based monitoring program for the cutter mechanics and operations personnel.
Mechanical Drafter Manufacturer of Metal Ceilings and Wall Systems Involved with new project bid estimations, project review, scope take-off, pre-bid RFI composition, pre-bid specification compliance, project schedule review, and shop drawings; all with a strong commitment to company profit. Utilized state-of-the-art design and CAD (Computer Aided Design) software to ensure that all components and assemblies conform to exacting and professional standards. Prepared part fabrication drawings, assembly drawings, bill of materials and shop routers using Made2Manage for production release.  Managed numerous projects simultaneously within budgetary restrictions. Initiate change orders as required Resolve installation and fabrication issues as required. Prepare installation drawings and instructions for projects and interact with client for clarification. Created detailed technical shop drawings of system layouts according to project specification
FEA MARINE STRUCTURAL/MECHANICAL DESIGN ENGINEER Q.E.D. SYSTEMS, INC DUTIES: included FEA structural design engineering research/development for the performance characteristics upgrades for the U.S. Army Logistics Support Vessels (LSV) & Landing Craft Utility (LCU) vessels going to Afghanistan for the U.S. Army's Service Life Extension Program (SLEP). I conducted ship checks aboard both of the vessels the (LSV-1 & LCU-1). For the various spaces involved augmented accumulated planning notes of the various design changes involved affecting the planned recommendation of the SLEP modifications. Investigated alternative ways and new manufacturers' products then developed design layouts to avoid interferences. The new SLEP modification included new HVAC upgrade, a new machine shop, relocation of the sickbay, a fitness center, new piping for the upgrades, wind deflecting capability designed/installed. Design work encompassed R&D plus specifying new equipment, relocating existing equipment, structural stress analysis
MILITARY in ENGINE FUEL/ HYD/ SYSTEMS MECHCANICAL MAINTENANCE DIESEL ENGINE in ENGINE REPAIR AND REBUILD Electricial in Generator Maintenance/ENGINE REPAIR
Electrical Engineer Intern. Performed voltage and amperage tests to troubleshoot commercial appliances/made changes to electrical schematics Created and documented wire harnesses on Microsoft Excel using electrical schematics Assisted Engineer's with Engineering Change Notices Designed new electrical schematics for gas rotisserie ovens
Electrical Engineer AREAS OF EXPERTISE Over 20 years of experience in full-cycle Project Management, Global Project Team Leadership, and superior Client Services for leading Fortune 500 Corporations and Suppliers. Strategic Leader who excels at creating solutions for numerous clients. Demonstrated ability to effectively manage and work with both small and large teams on a collaborative as well as executive level. 
Engineering Technician AC and DC Electrical Reading/Creating Electrical Prints and Control Schematics Motor Control PC Hardware and Software Computer Networks Wonder ware HMI Systems Pneumatic and Hydraulic Valves Photo Eyes Proximity Sensors Limit Switches Breakers Control Panels, Relay Logic Cam Driven Switch Boxes Heat and Humidity Control Systems Process control valves Pneumatic Control Systems Hydraulic Control Systems Metal Detection Systems Ink Jet Coding Systems Motor Starters Run Relays Variable Frequency Drives Servo Motors and Controls Connecting to the PLC Reading Ladder Logic 
Electrical Maintenance Technician US Synthetic Preventive maintenance,Troubleshooting, Machine build, Rebuild and Repairing over 300 pieces of equipment and machines. Hydraulic, pneumatic, Electrical and electronic automated control systems, and equipment.
Electrician 11 Guyana water company To be a part of your dynamic organization where I can utilize my skills and education, which I have acquired the time, spent in the education facilities afforded to me. I'm a graduated student student with (cxc) Caribbean examination council subjects, I'm a qualified electrician, certify in electrical installation and electrical engineering technician part (1) one. I also have (3) years working experience at the Guyana Water incorporated in the electrical field.
Electrical Designer Marine/Industrial Shipboard Electrical Systems Design Technical Specification and Manual Document Writing Power Transmission and Distribution Design PLC Programming and Machinery Control System Design Management Towards the Development of Electrical Drawings and Documentation Professional Accomplishments-Positions Supervisor Electrical Design Department Manage the Electrical Design Department in all aspects of the design effort and functions. Provide training and guidance to subordinate personnel to facilitate their advancement through the corporate structure. Conduct audits of the design process and procedures to obtain the highest quality products in the most efficient manner. Electrical Design Section Head Supervise and coordinate the Electrical Design effort of the Shipboard Habitability Improvement Program conducting ship checks and inspections at various ports around the world. Support the installation crews with technical information and documentation to insure implementation of 
Electrical Apprenticeship Program Training 900 hours program that provides an overview of electrical occupations, including the training and the employment options available in the electrical industry. The training allow students the opportunity to train in a variety of settings in electrical trades and to develop leadership skills necessary for managerial positions in the construction trades, assess causes of electrical or mechanical malfunction or failure of operational equipment and performs preventative and corrective maintenance, developed wiring diagrams, layout drawings, and engineering specifications for system or equipment modifications or expansion and performing routine installation and maintenance duties
Sr. Engineer Electrical Kut Energy Pvt. Ltd I worked with following things during my job in Kut Energy Pvt. Ltd Coordinating with contractor & sub-contractor for the project work. Support to team in resolving problems that arise in the working sites. Coordinate with the entire contractor regarding the project related problems & to solve them. Maintenance of Powerhouse i.e., LOS, OPU, Cooling water, LAVT & NGT panel along with maintenance of 10/50 ton overhead crane. Maintenance of switchyard comprising of 16/20 MVA Power & 400kVA auxiliary Transformer along with CT's & PT's Coordinating with contractor & sub-contractor for the project work. Support to team in resolving problems that arise in the working sites. Coordinate with the entire contractor regarding the project related problems & to solve them. Operation & Maintenance of Powerhouse i.e. Hydraulic Francis turbines, generators, LOS, OPU, Cooling water, LAVT & NGT panel. Maintenance of switchyard comprising of 5000kVA Power & 100kVA auxiliary 
Electrician Piper electric co inc Responsibilities Responsible for all electrical installation. Terminating breaker panels and PDUs. Installation of junction boxes, seal tite, and pipe ranging from 1/2 inch EMT to 4 inch. Oil field electrical expierence as well.Responsible for all electrical repairs to production equipment. Extensive work programming and troubleshooting PLCs. Responsible for maintaing and repairing all scales and precision measurement equipment. Responsible for making repairs to printers, and computers. Able to effectively and efficiently carry out all electrical repairs safely in order to produce zero downtime. Electrical and mechanical aptitude.
Electrical Technician Kubota Tractor Corporation Electrical Technician: Maintain overhead load/take down conveyor systems, slat conveyors , motorized roller conveyor systems, robotic welders & jigs, dust collection systems, sandblast systems, powder coat systems, plc’s, vfd’s, controls, facility maintenance. Accomplishments I helped fix the robotic conveyor systems, maintained equipment and facility maintenance. Skills Used Electrical, plc,vfd, maintenance,lock out tag out.Supervise 13 staff members on day to day operations of Engineering and Groundskeepers. Install Electrical and water for concerts and High profile events. Worked with single and three-phase power distribution. Troubleshot equipment problems using tools such as multi-meters and general hand-tools. Serviced equipment and systems in owned and leased facilities. Installed equipment and systems on time and on schedule. Stooped, climbed ladders and lifted heavy loads during set-up for events. Recommended new equipment and maintenance procedures to 
Software Engineering Intern Affirm Inc. Affirm is a financial technology company that determines the risk of borrowers based on a range of personal data and then determines what rate and loan to offer to the customer (startup focused on flexible loans)  Developed a data pipeline using Map-Reduce and Amazon AWS to record and process large data about financial transactions. Handled all big data use cases like log analysis, data warehousing, machine learning, web indexing and financial analysis using Amazon EMR. Built models to extract certain key features from huge data sets for use in credit risk calculations Worked in Python, MRJob, Hadoop, Amazon EMR, Java, Pig
Software Intern Keysight Technologies Loveland, CO Developed functional test suites for IVI (Interchangeable Virtual Instrumentation) Compliant Driver for Single and Three Phase AC Power Analyzers. Worked in Visual C# and Visual C++ environments. Instantiated support for running nightly regression tests in an automated environment on multiple platforms via virtual machines. Directly assisted lead developer in usability testing for driver for both .NET and C based drivers. Provided automated itemized database reporting of test results
Software Engineer, Sony Pictures and Entertainment Sony India Software Center Private Limited Developed insight into customer usage patterns and implemented it to reduce customer pain points in application usage, resulting in approximate 10% time saving for end customers. Efficiently led a team and performed root cause analysis of non-compliant modules to reduce their number by 25%. Steered restructuring of web application resulting in 30% reduction in request processing time. Conducted training for 25 employees in process flow guidelines for tracking and defect fixing; Mentored new hires through knowledge transfer sessions to expedite understanding of project resulting in time savings of two weeks. Received “Star of the Build” on successive occasions, a monthly award to the top performer of the project for exceptional service to client.
Senior Software Test Engineer Millennium Engineering and Integration Company Responsibilities Perform as the leader of the test effort for Flight Safety Analysis software, Simulated and Real Time.  Act as consultant to numerous other projects to evaluate their Test needs  Develop Test templates and test standards for the group Work with Development and Design to ensure the work meets the clients goals Create competitive analysis reports and cost analysis for potential automation tools for test Working with clients to understand how they use the software, this allows the team to conduct better usability testing Prep for CMMI level 3 audit, software test portion Train junior test personnel in test methods and quality as well as efficient testing Accomplishments Creating a software test process for the entire company.  Creating many templates for the Software team.  Assisting with CMMI level 3 preparations. Training new grads on software quality and methods 
Software Engineer DCS Corporation Worked in ground robotics division designing software for United States Army contracts. Gained knowledge on what it is like to work in a professional environment and how to program for actual company projects. I designed a targeting program, a vehicle simulator, and improved the user interface of a camera.
Sr. Software Engineer Mentor EM allows you to easily access on-device workflow applications that efficiently guide the inspector while capturing electromagnetic (eddy current) inspection data. Real-time collaboration with remote experts allows fast and accurate indication confirmation. No more stacks of paperwork or questionable inspection calls, just easy and efficient nondestructive testing for weld, aerospace (including rotary) and general purpose inspections. Mentor EM Client: This application is responsible for communicating with device for command parameters such as Load Work flow, Save/Load dataset and device parameters such as Channel parameters, lock screen status, System Ready status and data acquisition requests. It also communicates with message bus for raw data and processed stream data. InspectionWorks Connect: This application will connect to the instrument remotely via shared session using web based application. It controls/monitors and data acquisition and screen sharing for inspection from
Software Developer KCF Technologies I work with an agile team to develop an IOT web application used to collect and store vibration data. Develop and maintain a data driven ASP.NET MVC web application. Tools used include TSQL, Entity Framework, Typescript, and Visual Studio. Develop and maintain Linux based data collection system using NodeJS. I developed a system to connect to customer networks and using cellular modems. Develop various government funded research projects using various sensors to display and interpret data.
Software Engineer Group Recommendations for Data-Intensive Business Analytics This system is designed for mining customer groups with similar purchasing preferences. Design and implement distributed clustering algorithms based on Hadoop/MapReduce framework. Explore the applicability of Euclidean distance, Pearson correlation and Tanimoto coefficient to measure the similarity. Real-world dataset, MovieLens, is used to evaluate our work.
Software Engineer State Nuclear Power Automation System Engineering Company Responsible for developing the HMI development environment system with C++.
Software Intern of Mobile Internet Group Tencent Inc Designed and implemented an inquiry platform which was expected to be used to find the detailed information upon users request in Lubao App(such as Time, Server ip, Destination, etc.) according to their IMEI, User's Id or other key words. Worked in LINUX environment, used bash script to run background scripts, such as downloading users' apache logs from servers at specific times, used string class in C++ to analyze the users' logs and upload to cloud database, set up Nginx server, used PHP to access database and show all the results on webpages.
Supply Chain Analysis and Warehouse Optimization for an Organization Penn State University Using comprehensive cost analysis proposed a new model offering 39% overall supply chain savings. Evaluated best possible location for the introduction of a new warehouse and introduced new inventory policies. Engineering Intern National Thermal Power Corporation Implemented SAP for procurement of various materials in Contracts and Materials Department. Assisted in quality check and fault rectification of different pressure gauges in Control & Instrumentation Department. Analyzed Demand and Supply of Coal being used in the Boilers and forecasted the demand for the coming month. Daily responsibilities included analyzing daily and weekly shift reports and reporting it to the manager.
Executive Engineer, Supply Chain & Production Larsen & Toubro - Mitsubishi Hitachi Power System Supply Chain Operations Strategic Planning including operation scheduling and Cost estimation. Guided Production Planning and Control in job scheduling and routings on machines. Developed customized SAP reports for finding the efficiency & loss hours Channelized Material Resource Planning by calculating SMH, Manpower & Machining Requirement Achieved cost saving of […] by streamlining supply chain processes & eliminating rejects. The EOQ implementation for inventory management of tools led to a cost reduction of 20% Operational Development Designed Jigs, Fixture and special tools for production requirement of high precision blades. Reduced cycle time of blade manufacturing machine by 20% using lean manufacturing tools (Kaizen, LMS, six sigma)and a cost saving of $7500/year Awarded with best innovative idea award for the design & development of fixture for blade machining Led a DMAIC Six-Sigma project to improve the 
Supply Chain Intern, Global Supply Chain Tronox Limited Developed optimal strategy to transport minerals internationally through multi-modal network analysis. Devised and implemented model to evaluate 3PL vendor performance on critical KPIs such as quality, safety, and delivery time to identify cost savings. Conducted vendor analysis for multiple vendors for over 500 shipping contracts, working in cross functional teams from USA, Australia, South Africa, Netherlands and Malaysia. Improved existing distribution cost model to include allocation based on Incoterms for efficient budgeting process.
Corporate Supply Chain Analyst Interbake Foods is the Cookie division of Weston Foods, manufacturer of Girl Scout Cookies, along with a host of other store brands. Direct report to VP of Supply Chain Management - Supported the logistics team from the corporate headquarters in Richmond, VA to facilitate the most efficient and cost effective distribution of product from multiple manufacturing and warehousing facilities Managed a 3PL Logistics firm from April to October 2013, and then helped to implement the transition of logistics in house Facilitated upgrades to the TMS and ERP Routinely hosted meetings with vendors and negotiated pricing Worked closely with Customer Service and Logistics Manager to evaluate carrier performance and track shipping misses Main Contact for Billing, Claims, and Customs Brokerage Responsible for all carrier billing (A/P) through Web Settle process in LEAN. Matched invoices to rates on file, researched and resolved any discrepancies Researched customer deductions from A/R for 
Supply Chain Manager Aerco International Manage all Supply Chain requirements including Procurement, and Inventory Control. Managed a staff of both Union and Non Union employees. Implemented a kanban pull system that reduced material shortages by 80+%, and increased inventory turns by 20%. Achieved a 10% material cost reduction in 2009 on a $40M spend by implementing a procurement strategy of re-negotiation, re-sourcing, and dual sourcing. Managed a supply chain materials team that increased throughput by 25% by implementing both visual and systematized systems. Developed Supply Chain teams to support NPD initiatives that launched at least 2 new major product lines per year. Developed domestic and foreign suppliers to produce products previously sole sourced. Engineered items specific to Aerco International. Commodity items that suppliers were then able to bring else where in their market.
Senior Supply Chain Analyst Intern TOTALogistix Conducted analysis on historical sales data for a demand-planning project including 21 products to determine life cycle, trend and seasonality patterns to implement forecasting techniques. Applied time series, statistical forecasting techniques and BASS model (specifically for short term life cycle products) on the analyzed data sets; coordinated with inventory management team to use the best technique, resulting in 20% improved forecast accuracy. Developed forecasting model using Excel VBA that facilitated curve fitting to help the team identify the best forecasting technique based on MAPE.
Global Supply Chain Intern Hess Corporation Developed and implemented an internal SharePoint site for the supplier quality management group that allowed for greater information sharing. Participated in supplier quality audits and became familiar with […] requirements.
Supply chain Intern EMPEE Distilleries Private Limited Placed in the procurement division, I got a chance to interact with both private suppliers of raw materials as well as government bodies responsible for the delivery of chemicals Developed a supplier quality and due date adherence matrix for procurement division, resulting in on time delivery of 85% of bottles, caps and labels
Supply Chain & Materials Management Co-op GEM Metal Industries Classified suppliers based on ABC analysis and created supplier performance metrics.Minimized inventory cost by identifying obsolete and inactive materials. Analyzed marketing information and production plan to manage inventories for raw material, WIP and FG.  Worked on strategic purchasing and sourcing of parts and cost analysis projects.
Supply Chain Consulting Intern PwC Synthesized a new business and marketing strategy - identified new business potential by carrying out feasibility study in SCM domain through qualitative research. Directly contributed to $2million change implementation project during the strategy and assessment phase; performed gap analysis to identify KDD's (key design decisions). Single point responsibility for achieving cross functional collaboration across 5 verticals and managed overall collection of project deliverables. Created a User Guide for the project team to access the Sharepoint site which is used as an organized document library for accessing project working documents
POSITION PURPOSE The Lead Systems Engineer develops, maintains and supports The Home Depot's complex technical infrastructures, hardware, and system software components. Operates as a team lead providing expert technical direction to team members. Interface with Business Stakeholders on all complex projects. Ability to present ideas and take charge of projects. Update manager on all escalated issues. MAJOR TASKS, RESPONSIBILITIES AND KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES Manage installation, maintenance and support of complex technical infrastructures, hardware, and system software components. Manage and tune platforms to ensure expected availability and performance levels are achieved. Provide expert technical direction to Sr. System, System, Associate Engineers and contractors. Manage store & SSC engineering and roll-out implementation. Perform root cause analysis for service interruption recovery; create preventative measures on complex projects. Interface with Business Stakeholders on all applicable projects. 
Typical job functions and requirements are as follows: Participate in the conceptualization, modeling, analysis, development, documentation, and test/validation of hardware associated with new semiconductor plasma etch equipment.  Design parts using metals, ceramics, quartz, plastics, and advanced coatings/platings. Work with potential suppliers to ensure parts can be manufactured in accordance with performance and cost objectives.Documentation to be consistent with ANSI, SEMI, and Lam Standards, as well as best known methods for GD&T; accordingly, knowledge and demonstrated ability to properly utilize them is highly desirable.Perform analytical work in order to characterize and properly specify new and existing designs, including heat transfer, stress, fluid/gas dynamics and manufacturability.Develop and execute test plans that generate characterization data sufficient to understand and validate the performance of the design.Develop and present reports/presentations of excellent quality that communicate 
Under direct supervision of senior engineer; candidate will provide electrical conceptual and detailed designs, methods and materials specifications, electrical equipment administration, building code compliance, cost estimating, feasibility studies, and support of procurement and construction activities. Candidate will also work with the instrumentation department to generate instrument list, update P & ID’s, and create loop diagrams, PLC drawings and instrumentation specification. A BSEE with 5 years electrical engineering design experience with EIT required, PE is a plus. Working knowledge of AutoCAD, electrical and building codes and MS office is required, Revit, electrical analysis software experience such as SKM or ETAP is a plus. Working knowledge of instrumentation, loop diagrams, P & ID’s and PLC configuration is a plus. Previous experience with electrical power distribution, motor control, grounding and industrial projects preferred. Will perform site inspections and have direct interaction with 
We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our team of Ruby on Rails developers. We follow the agile+scrum methodology and practice test-driven-development. All of our software runs in the Amazon Web Services cloud. As a member of the team you will: Write beautiful code in Ruby. Work on challenging problems ranging from responsive user interfaces to large scale data Warehouses to VoIP telephony features. See your code deployed in the cloud and used by real customers Bachelor's degree in Computer Science of equivalent. Ruby on Rails or web development experience desired. Good understanding of Object-Oriented software development. Familiar with SQL databases and Cloud Computing technologies. Knowledge of advertising and/or telephony experience are a plus.
Job Responsibilities Maintain a Supplier Quality Management system that fully supports company initiatives and requirements. Responsible for managing the technical and quality relationship with the suppliers resulting in a reliable material supply, continuous performance improvement, and long term partnerships. Represents UCA as the primary contact point regarding supplier product and process quality issues. Identify and implement appropriate statistical metrics and methods for measuring supplier quality. Develop and distribute supplier performance reports at regular intervals.  Establish and maintain in a supplier audit program for risk assessments and periodic reviews to ensure conformance to quality system requirements and to verify appropriate process controls are implemented and effective. Coordinate and train cross-functional supplier audit teams and appropriate personnel for supplier quality related procedures. Initiate and follow-up supplier corrective actions to ensure completed and effective root













